# Experiment 6
1. Write a Java program to show that private member of a super class cannot be accessed from derived classes.
2. Write a program in Java to create a Player class. Inherit the classes Cricket \_Player, Football \_Player and Hockey\_ Player from Player class.
3. Write a class Worker and derive classes DailyWorker and SalariedWorker from it. Every worker has a name and a salary rate. Write method ComPay (int hours) to compute the week pay of every worker. A Daily Worker is paid on the basis of the number of days he/she works. The Salaried
Worker gets paid the wage for 40 hours a week no matter what the actual hours are. Test this program to calculate the pay of workers. You are expected to use the concept of polymorphism to write this program.
4. Consider the trunk calls of a telephone exchange. A trunk call can be ordinary, urgent or lightning. The charges depend on the duration and the type of the call. Write a program using the concept of polymorphism in Java to calculate the charges.
5. Design a class employee of an organization. An employee has a name, empid, and salary. Write the default constructor, a constructor with parameters (name, empid, and salary) and methods to return name and salary. Also write a method increaseSalary that raises the employee’s salary by a certain user specified percentage. Derive a subclass Manager from employee. Add an instance variable named department to the manager class. Supply a test program that uses theses classes and method
